README.md, before:

# TroubleShoot
Troubleshooting through problems

:watch: :computer: :guitar: :key: :girl: :boy: :man: :woman: :rose: :book: :lock: :droplet: <br><br>
1. Network icon disappeared in Windows 8.1 [Solved] <br>
2. OpenSSL Certificate verification problem while using RubyGems in Windows 8.1 platform [Solved]<br>
3. TZinfo Data Source not found error [Solved]<br>
4. Heroku is not a repository error [Solved]<br>
5. Not a gzip file - tar extraction error [Solved]<br>
6. Access Denied root@localhost error [Solved]<br>
7. ImportError: cannot import name RequestSite when inlude 'registration' in installed apps [Solved]<br>
8. mkvirtualenv-command-not-found [Solved]<br>
9. The-entity-nbsp-was-referenced-but-not-declared-RSS-feed [Solved]<br>
10. delete-files-with-path-or-file-name-exceeding-255-characters [Solved] <br>
11. Error-EACCES-permission-denied [Solved] <br>
12. usr-bin-env-node-No-such-file-or-directory [Solved] <br>
13. PG::ConnectionBad: could not connect to server [Solved][To be updated]

Commit message:

CSS not loading solved error added

README.md, after:

# TroubleShoot
Troubleshooting through problems

:watch: :computer: :guitar: :key: :girl: :boy: :man: :woman: :rose: :book: :lock: :droplet: <br><br>
1. Network icon disappeared in Windows 8.1 [Solved] <br>
2. OpenSSL Certificate verification problem while using RubyGems in Windows 8.1 platform [Solved]<br>
3. TZinfo Data Source not found error [Solved]<br>
4. Heroku is not a repository error [Solved]<br>
5. Not a gzip file - tar extraction error [Solved]<br>
6. Access Denied root@localhost error [Solved]<br>
7. ImportError: cannot import name RequestSite when inlude 'registration' in installed apps [Solved]<br>
8. mkvirtualenv-command-not-found [Solved]<br>
9. The-entity-nbsp-was-referenced-but-not-declared-RSS-feed [Solved]<br>
10. delete-files-with-path-or-file-name-exceeding-255-characters [Solved] <br>
11. Error-EACCES-permission-denied [Solved] <br>
12. usr-bin-env-node-No-such-file-or-directory [Solved] <br>
13. PG::ConnectionBad: could not connect to server [Solved][To be updated]<br>
14. CSS not loading in Rails app deployed to Heroku [Solved]: [see](https://github.com/AdiChat/TroubleShoot/tree/master/CSS%20not%20loading%20in%20Heroku%20for%20Rails%20app)<br>
